Reorganized guides regarding documentations (#17)
getbreathelife/onespan-sign-node: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Document APIs
- Write unit tests

When opening your PR, please also make sure to:

- Clearly explain the purpose of this PR. Or in case of addressing an issue, link the issue to your PR
- Explain what you did in your changes

## Writing Documentation

Public-facing entities (interfaces, methods, etc.) must be documented properly using [TSDoc](https://tsdoc.org/) syntax.
[eslint-plugin-tsdoc](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-plugin-tsdoc) is used to catch improper syntax usage.

API documentation is extracted automatically using [@microsoft/api-extractor](https://api-extractor.com/) and a list of
supported syntax can be found on their [documentation page](https://api-extractor.com/pages/tsdoc/doc_comment_syntax/).

We use [@microsoft/api-documenter](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/api-documenter) to generate documentation.
If you want to generate documentation locally, you may run the following command(s) in your terminal:

```shell
# Install dependencies if you haven't done so
yarn install
yarn docs
```

> This command (re)builds the source code, extract the API documentation, then generate Markdown files for the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command (re)builds the source code, extracts the API documentation, and then generates Markdown files for the documentation.
```

minor grammar correction
